What we see is not wrong.
A neighbor has been configured the site looks good.
There is our BGP configuration.
The site looks wrong.
So confetti Rodda DGP sixty five thousand two new neighbor to donate to today to donate to remoted on
the system sixty five thousand one.
We want to change this to be neighbor to donate to donate to dot 1 and notice as soon as we do that
the neighbor relationship has come up on both sides say BGP neighbor is up Chiv IP BGP neighbors on
Route 1.
We see that the neighbor relationship is established that looks good on the side show IP BGP neighbors
rather neighbor 15 1 1 2 which is what history is established going down through the output 8 2 8 2
8 1 is established that looks a lot better.
Should IP BGP.
We see the loop back of route one advertised so we can ping the loop back of Route 1 and on Route 1
show IP BGP.
We've now learnt routes from rodder to.
So as an example we can paying the loopback of Route 2 as follows.
Can we paying the loopback of road 3.
Yes we can.
So that looks good but can we paying the loop back of a fall at the moment.
We can't
notice network 4 doesn't appear in the BGP writing table so show IP BGP and show IP route shows us that
network 4 is not in either the BGP or IP writing table but we can ping router 3 so we can get to this
interface and we can get to the loopback of rotisserie but we can't get to the loopback or brought a
full.